c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\PetStore.dll.config
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\PetStore.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\PetStore.pdb
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\obj\Debug\PetStore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\obj\Debug\PetStore.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\obj\Debug\PetStore.pdb
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
