c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PetStore.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PetStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PetStore.Tests.pdb
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PetStore.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\PetStore.pdb
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\obj\Debug\PetStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\obj\Debug\PetStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\obj\Debug\PetStore.Tests.pdb
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\premaa5\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PetStore\PetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
